My teacher!
If it wasn't for him,
I would have been executed by now.
And also...
He kind of saved me.
Just kind of.
And also, it's not just me but...
To be honest, I don't know him very well.
But I can guarantee that he is...
-An idiot.
-Yeah, An idiot.
Salmon.
But...
Flippant. Individualistic.
Needless to say...
The strongest.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
You, that weed over there,
this is our third meeting, right?
You dare to underestimate me like this.
I will kill you first.
Come on, bring it on.
What's wrong?
Weren't you the ones
who told me to not run away?
I just touched...
Ready...
He's got his sights set on Jogo.
Was his declaration just to mislead us?
And this man...
has deactivated
his Limitless Cursed Technique.
He's stopped concentrating on
his cursed technique control.
Now that the number of humans
starts to thin out,
is he planning to just use cursed energy
and fight at close quarters?
But if that's the case,
we don't have to blend into the crowd.
We just need to use our cursed techniques.
Don't lift Amplification, Hanami!
I heard... these are your weak points.
I thought so.
You can't activate Amplification
and innate techniques at the same time.
The reason why I am still alive is
that Amplification's been protecting me.
He's this strong with just cursed energy
manipulation and physical attacks.
Satoru Gojo...
Is there anything you can't do?
That guy isn't a cursed spirit.
Probably a Death Painting incarnate.
Annoying, but he can wait.
You sure?
The more you neutralize my technique
with Amplification,
the harder I try to maintain it.
This big piece of wood
may not be able to take it anymore.
What...
Satoru Gojo, look at me!
Hanami...
Next.
Prison Realm is a living barrier,
the remains of Genshin.
There's nothing Prison Realm can't seal.
But there should still be
a condition, right?
One minute.
What?
After Prison Realm's door is opened,
we have to keep Satoru Gojo
within the effective range of the seal,
roughly within a four-meter radius,
for one minute.
Hey.
Do you want me to burn you alive?
You didn't team up with us
to make us deal with
that impossible task, did you?
To keep that thing
under those conditions for a minute...
Even thousands of ignorant human lives
wouldn't be enough.
It's pretty hot, Jogo.
Don't worry.
Even though I said one minute...
-What?
-What's going on?
What's going on?
I can't let Hanami's death be in vain.
I have to blend into the humans,
and then carry out
the hit-and-run strategy.
Choso!
If you don't help me, I'll kill you first.
Alright.
They're keeping their distance.
But they must be at their limits.
People who can't see cursed spirits
are starting to dodge me.
Once enough people go away,
I'll have enough space
to catch the volcano head.
I guess deactivating my technique
to lure him like just now won't work.
He's already noticed
I want to get close and beat him up.
It'll be troublesome
If he keeps his distance,
and uses a large-scale technique
over the crowd with that Death Painting.
I'm sorry. I can't save everyone.
But...
I will definitely exorcise it.
Is it still not ready?
It should have been 20 minutes already.
It's far from being ready.
Satoru Gojo still seems just fine.
You need to make him more tensed up.
Miss, are you okay...
Everyone turned into monsters...
They got on the train... but I...
The train was full...
I wasn't needed...
That guy was just here.
Damn it.
"Everyone"...
"They got on the train"...
There are eight carriages
on the incoming train.
Please wait behind the yellow line.
Mr. Gojo!
Please do not put your hands or head
beyond the platform door,
or lean against the platform door.
Finally.
A train!
Get out of the way. I'm getting in.
-What the hell?
-What do we do?
Wait!
What are they thinking?
Jogo.
The air is so fresh.
Full of the scent of fear.
We should still leave
some humans after all.
I would put them in a forest
for hunting on the weekends.
Can I burn the whole forest down?
You'll be scolded by Hanami.
Hanami is dead.
Really?
I really can't hit you!
Patchwork.
The one Nanami and Yuji
were talking about.
Let me tell you
what's disgusting about humans.
It's that there are too many of them.
There are cursed spirits
or curse users up there too.
-Blood Manipulation: Convergence.
-Idle Transfiguration: Soul Multiplicity.
-Supernova.
-Body Repel.
I know Satoru Gojo is
different from Yuji Itadori.
He can be cold-hearted when necessary.
He is willing to make certain sacrifices
in order to exorcise us properly.
But with the increasing number
of dead and living people,
The limit of what he is willing to
sacrifice is at the breaking point.
What you have to do now is
to cast Unlimited Void
to kill us and all humans here,
to save those outside of the domain.
But you can't do it, can you?
Because the sacrifice
you are willing to make is
the humans killed by cursed spirits,
not by Satoru Gojo.
Think, agonize...
and focus.
Seriously?
Domain Expansion.
Unlimited Void.
All or nothing,
0,2 seconds of Domain Expansion.
The length was set by
Satoru Gojo based on his intuition.
He thought that
non-sorcerers could withstand
Unlimited Void for 0,2 seconds
without lasting aftereffects.
During these 0,2 seconds,
about half a year's worth of information
poured into the brains
of the non-sorcerers,
including transfigured humans.
Everyone lost consciousness standing.
But the survivors from the basement five
all rejoined society two months later.
Unlimited Void of this level...
Special Grade cursed spirits
might awake at any moment.
Considering the counterattack,
Satoru Gojo decided to
target transfigured humans.
The strongest Jujutsu sorcerer
of modern times
dealt with about 1,000 transfigured humans
released in the basement five.
He wiped them all out in 299 seconds
after lifting the domain.
Prison Realm, open the door.
Don't worry.
Even though I said one minute...
Hey.
Satoru.
Long time no see.
Is he a fake?
Or some kind of transformation technique?
No, it's really him.
I mean one minute
inside Satoru Gojo's brain.
That's not good, Satoru.
How can you be distracted during a fight?
I can't feel cursed energy.
I can't move a muscle either.
Am I done for?
So, who are you?
I'm Suguru Geto.
You forgot about me?
That really makes me sad.
Your body and cursed energy...
And according to my Six Eyes,
you are Suguru Geto.
But...
My soul denies that!
Answer me quickly. Who exactly are you?
Disgusting.
How could you tell?
This cursed technique
allows me to hop between bodies
by transferring brains.
Of course, I can also use
the techniques engraved on the body.
I wanted his Cursed Spirits Manipulation,
and this exact situation.
You didn't have Shoko Ieiri take care
of the body of Suguru Geto, right?
You are considerate at times like that.
Thanks to you,
I was able to get this body easily.
Don't worry.
The seal will be lifted sooner or later.
In 100 years... No, maybe 1,000 years.
You are too strong.
You will only hinder me
from achieving my goal.
Don't you remember?
Before I killed the body, who beat it up?
Yuta Okkotsu?
I don't get what everyone sees in him.
Unconditional technique imitation
and infinite cursed energy.
Both of these are established
under the condition
of him keeping his loved one's soul.
I'm afraid...
Yuta Okkotsu can't become you.
Good night, Satoru Gojo.
Let's meet again in the new world.
What's wrong?
Um, my ear...
Can you hear me, Yuji Itadori?
We don't have time.
I'll only say it once,
so listen carefully.
Satoru Gojo...
has been sealed.
What is skincare to you?
Do you have to ask this? Alright then.
I do this and that,
but it's genetic after all.
Those with bright and smooth skin
like Mr. Gojo
always say "I do nothing."
Next episode, Confusion.
-And the truth is?
-I do nothing.
It's so annoying!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm